# ABSTRACT

In the emerging world of technology, every system is computerized and is available online. The traditional way of storing the records of sporting events is also now computerized. The SEMS is a web portal where users can view events details by choice. The main objective of this application is to maintain records of the events and allow easy access in viewing and retrieving specific records on requirement. It aims to avoid the overhead of maintaining physical records which are prone to wear and tear, not easily editable and not secure. The SEMS website can store the information about a large number of athletes, events, their result and much more. The business point of view focuses on selling the athletes profile to sponsors. The user who is just a curious enthusiast wanting to know more about the sporting events or a potential sponsor can view the records and retrieve specific information based on his/her choice. The portal is aimed at providing accurate and latest information to all its users in a secure manner.

# INTRODUCTION

The SEMS site is an online platform that works with the event data. The SEMS website is an online platform that helps users to view SEMS data. The database schema is designed to meet the requirements of the SEMS site. The portal consists of Athlete, Country, Event, Record, Result and sponsor module. Athlete module is where the users can view the athlete details. The Event module is where they can view the details of the different events present. The Country module is where they can view the details of the countries present in the sporting events. The Result module is where they can view the results of every event. The Record module is where they can view the world records. The Sponsor module is where they can view the different sponsors and the money invested on the athletes.
